README.md, before:

News: A webinar about Kubegres will be organised on 25 May 2021 hosted by PostgresConf. [Register here!](https://postgresconf.org/conferences/2021_Postgres_Conference_Webinars/program/proposals/creating-a-resilient-postgresql-cluster-with-kubegres)

[Kubegres](https://www.kubegres.io/) is a Kubernetes operator allowing to deploy a cluster of PostgreSql pods with data 
replication enabled out-of-the box. It brings simplicity when using PostgreSql considering how complex managing 
stateful-set's life-cycle and data replication could be with Kubernetes.

**Features**

* It creates a cluster of PostgreSql servers with [Streaming Replication](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Streaming_Replication) enabled: it creates a Primary PostgreSql pod and a 
  number of Replica PostgreSql pods and replicates primary's database in real-time to Replica pods.

* It manages fail-over: if a Primary PostgreSql crashes, it automatically promotes a Replica PostgreSql as a Primary.

* It has a data backup option allowing to dump PostgreSql data regularly in a given volume.

* It provides a very simple YAML with properties specialised for PostgreSql.

* It is resilient, has over [55 automatized tests](https://github.com/reactive-tech/kubegres/tree/main/test) cases and 
  has been running in production. 


**Why to use Kubegres over other operators?**

Kubegres is minimalist in terms of codebase compared to other open-source Postgres operators. It has the minimal and 
yet robust required features to manage a cluster of PostgreSql on Kubernetes. We aim keeping this project small and simple.

Among many reasons, there are [5 main ones why we recommend Kubegres](https://www.kubegres.io/#kubegres_compared).

**Getting started**

If you would like to install Kubegres, please read the page [Getting started](http://www.kubegres.io/doc/getting-started.html).

**Contribute**

If you would like to contribute to Kubegres, please read the page [How to contribute](http://www.kubegres.io/contribute/).

**More details about the project**

[Kubegres](https://www.kubegres.io/) was developed by [Reactive Tech Limited](https://www.reactive-tech.io/)  and Alex 
Arica as the lead developer. Reactive Tech offers [support services](https://www.kubegres.io/support/) for Kubegres, 
Kubernetes and PostgreSql.

It was developed with the framework [Kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/) version 3, an SDK for building Kubernetes 
APIs using CRDs. Kubebuilder is maintained by the official Kubernetes API Machinery Special Interest Group (SIG).

Commit message:

#13: The backup file name does not contain the kubegres resource name

README.md, after:

News: A webinar about Kubegres will be organised on 25 May 2021 hosted by PostgresConf. [Register here!](https://postgresconf.org/conferences/2021_Postgres_Conference_Webinars/program/proposals/creating-a-resilient-postgresql-cluster-with-kubegres)

[Kubegres](https://www.kubegres.io/) is a Kubernetes operator allowing to deploy a cluster of PostgreSql pods with data 
replication enabled out-of-the box. It brings simplicity when using PostgreSql considering how complex managing 
stateful-set's life-cycle and data replication could be with Kubernetes.

**Features**

* It creates a cluster of PostgreSql servers with [Streaming Replication](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Streaming_Replication) enabled: it creates a Primary PostgreSql pod and a 
  number of Replica PostgreSql pods and replicates primary's database in real-time to Replica pods.

* It manages fail-over: if a Primary PostgreSql crashes, it automatically promotes a Replica PostgreSql as a Primary.

* It has a data backup option allowing to dump PostgreSql data regularly in a given volume.

* It provides a very simple YAML with properties specialised for PostgreSql.

* It is resilient, has over [55 automatized tests](https://github.com/reactive-tech/kubegres/tree/main/test) cases and 
  has been running in production. 


**How does Kubegres differentiate itself?**

Kubegres is fully integrated with Kubernetes as it runs as an operator written in Go. It is integrated in Kubernetes lifecyle. 
It is minimalist in terms of codebase compared to other open-source Postgres operators. It has the minimal and 
yet robust required features to manage a cluster of PostgreSql on Kubernetes. We aim keeping this project small and simple.

Among many reasons, there are [5 main ones why we recommend Kubegres](https://www.kubegres.io/#kubegres_compared).

**Getting started**

If you would like to install Kubegres, please read the page [Getting started](http://www.kubegres.io/doc/getting-started.html).

**Contribute**

If you would like to contribute to Kubegres, please read the page [How to contribute](http://www.kubegres.io/contribute/).

**More details about the project**

[Kubegres](https://www.kubegres.io/) was developed by [Reactive Tech Limited](https://www.reactive-tech.io/)  and Alex 
Arica as the lead developer. Reactive Tech offers [support services](https://www.kubegres.io/support/) for Kubegres, 
Kubernetes and PostgreSql.

It was developed with the framework [Kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/) version 3, an SDK for building Kubernetes 
APIs using CRDs. Kubebuilder is maintained by the official Kubernetes API Machinery Special Interest Group (SIG).
